DOCSP-36852: cleanup fy2025q1 (#525)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/enterprise-auth.txt

   java.security.krb5.realm=MYREALM.ME
   java.security.krb5.kdc=mykdc.myrealm.me

> You might be required to specify one or more of the following additional

Reviewer: S: I would push for "might need to" here

```suggestion
You might need to specify one or more of the following additional
```
